In this incredible journey that is the past week, each day brings a new revelation.

"The most important thing in sound healing is receptivity. Our culture and society values action over perception. You always need to act. In fact, in many cases, to allow yourself to be more receptive is the best thing you can do. It is not inaction, rather it is tuning in."

I am on the penultimate day of a beautiful course in sound healing, led by Aurelio and Swaram. I want to tell you what I have understood about our mutual experience now, in this light.

When we sang together, we were both in a fully receptive state: starved by our partners of love for what we love, excited to meet another who shares that love. Without saying a word, our energies were perfectly in sync, and we were beautifully receptive to whatever was going to happen. The effect of our voices together in unison, the waves of anticipation and pleasure that singing so closely together brings, and the pure intention that we invested into that moment brought us both to a state of emotion upheaval that lasted for days.

Today I witnessed students undergoing sound healing - on a sound bed, with Tibetan bowls, and other beautiful sound objects.

What happened to us, and what happens to patients in sound healing is very close. The vibrations touch them to the depths of their beings, affecting not only the physical body but their pranic body, their pleasure body, their spiritual body. 

You and I experienced the combination of beautiful sound and beautiful intent. Healers say that sound healing has two components: the physical vibrations of the sounds themselves, and the intent of both the healer and the patient. Without realising it, we were in a symbiotic healing relationship: both giving our pure good intention to the music and to each other, massaging the other's sorest points instinctively through our voices. It was truly a wonderful moment.

But it was something else - it was deeply sensual, sexual, arresting. Over the last week I have felt everything there is to feel: euphoria, despair, arousal, love, anger, wonderment, loss. It made me think so deeply about my life and path, bouncing from euphoria to despair and back again. We have given each other a gift of feeling all the emotions. It is the gift of being alive. I am alive again.

It was like black magic.